(HYD-110) Add pypi description (#54)
Hydrospheredata/hydro-serving-sdk: README.md

# Hydrosphere Serving SDK

> This package contains a python API for hydroserving. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package contains an implementation of Hydroserving API.
Tested on python 3.6, 3.7, 3.8.
```
